You know, the entire first 25-26 years of my life, I felt powerless. I was terrified of the world and myself and my abilities and every fault I had, every difficulty or failure that came my way, I used to reinforce the story that I'm broken and I can't do this and I'm not safe and I can't control my life or the things around me. And I felt helpless and terrified all the time. I felt like a victim of circumstance, a victim of not having what others have around me, and a victim of their influence over myself, if I didn't like the result. This is really important to me because ultimately, I overcame that belief of my powerlessness. And while I'm selling sex at this moment, what I really am is a belief doctor. And what I really care about is showing people their own power and empowering them to live the life they want so that they don't have to sit around in misery and despair like I did for so long before I saw through my stories of helplessness and found my own power. And I want to empower people not just to get out of pain that they're in, not just with a goal of them being comfortable, but so that they can realize they can have whatever desire they want in life. Whatever they dream of having one day but think is the most impossible thing. That was me in sexuality, thinking I'm unlovable, and especially to all women, and I'll never have sex, and connection, and the nervous system regulation that comes with that, and I thought I'd never be the comfortable, confident, capable, feel like I'm capable of handling whatever comes at me, person that I am today.
In a large way, that's why I'm writing this book. Because it's one step into showing you your power. Into illuminating the truth that you can create what you want in your life. That the suffering and misfortune and all the unwanted things that seem like chance can be avoided and gotten out of. I see so many people in our spaces today, sex-positive spaces, temple and adjacent, who something happens to them that they didn't want, and they see no way out. They feel helpless to change, whether that happens to them in the future, and thus they feel unsafe and violated, with pent-up negative energy in their body that they have to release. If this is happening in the temple, it's happening in your life outside the temple too.

In many ways, the scariest thing you can ever do is interact with other humans. You may have misunderstood, attacked, etc. But learning how to ask for what you want and to become aware of what you want and realize it's possible and enroll other humans in it and negotiate etc. is how we get everything good there is in life. Wherever you go, whatever job you do, the universal skill that follows you around is human skills. Knowing how to interact with and create good things you want with other humans. And until you learn to master those skills, you'll have suffering in life. At best, doing just okay. This book is really a field guide on human nature. An operating manual. How we work all the pitfalls and valleys and perils and rewards that come with being human and interacting with other humans. I offer you knowledge, so that you may combine it with experience and create wisdom. The knowledge I've gained from interacting in countless ways with people, especially over the last two years in intimate spaces. This book is a guide and illuminator and mirror of your own heart and of other people's hearts. May it guide you well on your journey. You may find all the love, connection, and peace you're looking for here.

Love,
Logan King.

I'd just add something like In order to overcome my own victimhood and suffering and pain, I had to learn to identify and see my own delusions, the beliefs and stories that were keeping me hurt and small. And in doing so, I learned to see with clear eyes others and the stories they tell themselves and why people do the things that they do. Which is always a more nuanced answer than they're just a good or bad person. I learned to see the dynamics, conscious and unconscious, that people go through when interacting with each other, and the traps they get caught in, etc.
